Hi everyone.
So let's see some of the broadcasting operation we can apply on top of this data stream object.
So let me just display first few records of data offering.
So this had method is very much helpful just to give you a glance at what your data looks like.
So now let's say you want to apply let's say to each of every single employee of every single angle
containing about it as a Laker addition of five.
So it doesn't make sense but it may happen that your business use case you may need to do such a kind
of operation so we can use like a leaf cake as we have seen in the earlier video last video that the
FH.
We can just simply supply them near each plus fine.
So now it looks like we're confusing that we're trying to add this column plus by now what does it mean.
Because this is particularly full CDC twin rating and now plus pi indicates that every single cause
of that particular cities we are going to add five.
So now let's.
Rather than assigning to this each column.
Let me just execute it and see what it really does.
So thirty nine become 44 50 become 50 fight and you fight.
Just try to assign it let's say each and
every single age value VBA picking my fight.
Now let's do this head again.
So now you can see 39 become 44 and 50 become 55.
So that is the kind of broadcasting operation that once you do all those kinds of arithmetic it will
be applied on every single course available in your data set or in your data fleet.
Let's say you want to multiply this F and elevate an education number.
It doesn't make sense at this moment but let's try to do it.
So let's say I'm trying to grab us our final rate
and another column is like RDF
in new number.
And if I just execute it it will be multiplied.
So seventy seven thousand 561 516.
Multiply by Turkey.
OK.
So let me just call up stout but let's ease couple of more.
Let's say we have our hours per week.
So each employee has done this much although support per week but after that we found that everyone
has done some two hours of overtime.
And if you want to update this particular column let's say powers but VK so we can just simply call
it let's say the f
I'm going to updated
my early to put two hours of overtime deal then every single week.
So perfectly executed.
Let's see the result.
So earlier it was a 40.
Now become 42 and 13 become 50.
So this is the kind of broadcasting operation we can supply on it.
Let's see the capital gain.
So let's say capital gain whatever gain will be each individual employee has a squawk let's say you
want to divide it by let's say five.
So now 2 1 7 4 has been divided by five will become four active four.
Let me just call up six.
OK so this is about the broadcasting of this and that all those kinds of mathematical manipulation you
can apply on individual column itself.
So it will be applied on eventually every single course available in your column.
OK.
So that is all about the broadcasting of it and I hope you enjoy listening to Syria and see the next
video.